Cybersecurity is in high demand and building the specific skills
learned throughout this course will empower you to thrive in this industry.
It's not only about stopping data breaches.
The impact of working in cybersecurity can impacts life.
It can impact the world.
Think about finding threats and vulnerabilities to hospitals,
to autonomous vehicles, to nuclear facilities.
This stuff can become life or death and it's not an easy industry to navigate.
Attacks are endless and everyday is different,
but it's one of the most rewarding challenges I've been a part of and
mastering this industry will help you grow in a way that makes a difference.
I'm super excited for you,
I'm rooting for you,
and I wish you the best of luck in this course.
更多新版课程跟代码还有一对一VIP服务请加wx：udacity6